chore: change test name and add README (#1263)
aws-amplify/amplify-backend: packages/create-amplify/README.md

2. Does Amplify support [Yarn Plug'n'Play](https://yarnpkg.com/features/pnp)?
   No. Please run `yarn config set nodeLinker node-modules` to use `node_modules` instead.

> 3. Why do I see `npm_config_user_agent is undefined`?
>    Please make sure 1> to not install or use `amplify` globally. 2> to use the same Package Manager in one project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Why do I see `npm_config_user_agent is undefined`?
   Please make sure 1> to not install or use `amplify` globally. 2> to use the same Package Manager in one project. 3> when running e2e tests locally without package manager set `npm_config_user_agent` to `npm.
```

2. Does Amplify support [Yarn Plug'n'Play](https://yarnpkg.com/features/pnp)?
   No. Please run `yarn config set nodeLinker node-modules` to use `node_modules` instead.

3. Why do I see `npm_config_user_agent is undefined`?
   The CLI uses this environment variable to determine which package manager to use when spawning processes. To resolve this:
   a. Do not install or use `amplify` globally
   b. Use the same package manager for all commands in a given project

>    c. When running E2E tests locally without a package manager, set the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   c. When running E2E tests locally without a package manager, set `npm_config_user_agent` to `npm`.
```
